David Shagam
Program 1
Machine Learning
Writeup


1) To the extent of my knowledge I have implemented all 4 parts.

2) I have not done completely thorough testing however running on data set 1 and data set 3 works for linear and polynomial. Haven't yet tested dataset 2 as such i haven't
currently tested how this functions on very lage data sets. At one point I was being told in the closed form that the matrixes were uninvertible and I didn't change anything
and moved to a different lab machine and suddenly it started working fine. I'm not sure the cause of this other than possibly memory limitaiton issues on the machine I was originally developing on.
Given more time I would test polynomial and linear fitting for all data sets and some non standard datasets.

3) The hardest part in my opinion was interpreting the doc at parts. Such as gradient descent doesn't tell what the value of old - new is supposed to come from and you have to intuite that it's from the evaluate equation.
The doc also has pertinent information scattered so there is a lot of scrolling. As well as the notes from class provide a shortcut and those who don't have those other forms from the notes are at a disadvantage.

4) On the larger dataset of 2Million the run times are comparable. I'm not sure how big of a dataset I would need to properly compare the runtimes. As well as the parameters of Gradient desecent change the length of time it runs. As changing these paramters will change how fast it completes.

5)Assuming performance means the most accurate results. ALL doubles in scientific notation are MSE values from eval
	dataset 1 closed form)Can't be done due to 500 dimensional data we don't support polynomial solution.
	dataset 2 closed form) poly 1 = 9.706E1, poly 2 = 9.706E1 , poly 3 = 9.706E1 , ploy 4 = 9.707E1. So Poly 1 is best as it's the least complicated model that has the lowest MSE.
	dataset 3 closed form) Poly 6 = 3.268E4, Poly 7 =6.923E4 , Poly 8 = 2.347E2 , Poly 9 = 2.452E2, The best polynomial fit is with 8 as it minimizes the MSE and the MSE gets worse at 9.

Subnote: I acknowledge that I didn't give myself enough time to complete this assignment in a smart manner and as such my code appears to work but is less than pretty.
